Hello and welcome to
worldclub i in isabell of which and
Today we make the basic recipe for
chapter
Everything you need for it you will find
below in the description
We just start doing this
I need a food processor her
But you can also do it with the hand mixer
do
I start with the butter that should
Room temperature so do not have that cold
Can I put the butter around with the sugar
namely beat frothy
the whole to 23 minutes stir and so
to become really fluid
the mother and the sugar hat together
now come the frothy
other ingredients were on the one go
and 2
but not all at once
but a bit in a row with it
the machines and shared
more uniformly mixed together
I also only give half of them
to do it now very carefully
not the whole
and now the second one can do it
I can do my rest, too
already doing my bosom and first time
be careful first half to
watch how day looks and then
It may still be too tight
and now I'll give you one more end
Of course you can also do many
Other things we give this cola
or I'm afraid I have this already
like a band scraped and give
just too wet is ready and we
can form the papac
So I think it's my dough in the
capex shaped
I have here a paper looking ever
you can do it now, of course
with the spoon make with two spoons
working is pretty good too but me
like to work with syringes but even
not a problem at home now
because a completely different customary much
to find booty
this is generally four wanted hits
my whole mass in the corner and turn
back up here
now i need to honor and cut
we just have a small and up here
can start with the filling
the whole thing will not be so
mess that not so many landed
tin and I can be great too
the whole dosing that all the same
becomes large so that me as a fix coming
now at 160 degrees 20 minutes in the oven
I have the cupcakes already out of the
oven have the chance of this
put lattices to make them beautiful
can cool down when they are in there
then they will stay and specki
Of course we do not want that
right on a grid and as soon as the
we can cool them down too
with butter for the granite that this
However, in anna called only I
me shows you commented on
video watch the other videos
I'm looking forward to the next one